hey everybody welcome back to on the
lion place the bunny once again triplets
are doing a daily today let's not even
think about yesterday's we drank like
300 it's okay but it's not that good
obviously today is Eve to Mom's foot but
there are scores from 30th to first on
greed but 37 thousand to 51,000 which
means that mulch just get started with
here which means that we should have a
seam what we must have a seam even to
get to 37,000 which is not a
particularly high score for you know
it's static it's not a particularly high
score unless you remember that you know
this one's only supposed to be in like
the nineteen thousands depending on how
well it goes as as Eve to begin with I
just wish start I swear to God I swear
to god you can confirm it for yourselves
I start record in the episode there's no
skype messages two seconds later I get a
Skype message one says come play player
unknowns battlegrounds I wish I could I
wish I could I love Isaac as well though
I finally found two games I can play for
the duration of my entire life now I
would really like if somehow I could get
this guy over to this area like I need
him to get here and then blow up I'll be
the first to tell you this is an
unnecessary play in fact it's actually
just very stupid if he touches us we
lose big time but you know what we sort
of worked out there Abel I'll take small
rock I'll take I don't think we had to
do that play in order for it to work out
for us but we got it regardless that's a
great opportunity to use our bomb and
honestly it gives us a huge leg up on
the competition what we need now is the
spirit heart and if we get a spirit
heart then we can use the razor blade we
can use the razor blade to get down into
that permanent whore Babylon state and
then we'll have excellent damage here
early on but perhaps more than worrying
about the actual you know quality of the
run right now I should be worried about
as quickly as possible
finding a seam because that is really
what has thrown us under the bus on the
past few dailies is an inability to find
a seam no coincidence that the daily on
which we rank the best in the past three
days is the only one of the three days
that didn't have us having to look for
some other way forward so doesn't mean
that the dailies are bad they've
actually been pretty good recently
relative to how they were for like a
three week period in April but it does
mean that I have been doing a bad job of
I don't want to say prioritizing looking
for seams because to the best of my
knowledge it's not like I had a you know
in a wazoo and I threw it away by being
an idiot or something like that I think
I've just I have not found the seams so
it's up to us to make up for that
if 1.03 speed oh that's the good stuff
okay it's actually bad that we didn't
pick up the relic earlier because we
could have gotten a spirit art on this
floor which would have allowed us to use
the razor blade faster but in the end it
probably doesn't matter all that much so
as long as we can go through this the
first three or four rooms to the next
floor without getting hit life will be
good and we'll be a happy camper so what
does that mean
you're not you're crazy in the coconut
though it means like don't uh since yes
you're right it's frontier psychologist
it means don't use your orbital yet
there will come a time when that orbiter
will be useful there is a Isaac
subreddit thread that's not the way
people talk about bread there was a
thread on the Isaac subreddit recently
it was what do you think is the most
underrated item or trinket in the game
you know what has a most amount of
upvotes
Cuba meat now it's weird because you
can't really have a popularity contest
about something being underrated it kind
of taints the results implicitly I think
but still I think that there is some
truth to that even if you know is it the
most underrated I don't know what is how
do you determine what's the most
underrated is the most underrated thing
the thing that's rated lowest but is
actually good the thing that isn't
respected is the best but is actually
better than expected or the item
with the largest gulf between perceived
value and actual value you know they
were getting into some questions that
are honestly probably irrelevant given
the scope of these videos but I agree
though for all of the pedant Ignace that
i brought up of all advantages cube meat
they're very good I actually thought
that that crime meant that we had been
hit so of course you know
eva's bird foot which is actually dead
bird not that great of an item but a
nice little value add for situations in
which we've got you know nothing better
to take advantage of here we will take
mom's heels and you've got to take
succubus that leaves those permanently
in the Whore of Babylon state we don't
care about we don't care about the other
option there which was headless baby
it's okay but without getting any HP
upgrades early on it's just not worth
concerning ourselves with but what is
worth considering ourselves with is this
room right here dreams situation for us
take zero damage get a spirit art from
the relic and you know maybe grab
Guppies head but also get a key or at
least some valuable consumables ie not
pennies from this other chest let's see
well spirit heart bomb two pills and a
key in a bomb okay so we could afford a
bombs a key if it happens it happens the
speed down is largely irrelevant puberty
is actually a good pill in spite of the
fact that it makes the bad pill sound
and gods flesh is okay now we can start
to talk about maybe looking for a secret
room and it could be either of these
locations I think you check this one
first because you're getting a penny out
of it and that indeed worked out we
can't really get anything extra here so
we're going to take our other bomb I
don't believe there was a tinted rock
but we should check quickly because more
spirit outs would be nice if we don't
find a tinted rock which I expect that
we will not we should be looking for a
second secret room but a second secret
room seems like it's going to be earlier
in the level so I'm actually
is going to leave and save our existing
bomb now I wouldn't say that we have fit
the bill perfectly today like I don't
think we've had a perfect run so far but
I think we have had a nearly perfect run
we got hit once on famine and I don't
believe we could have conceivably left
any consumables like you know the eihwaz
rune or something like that behind so
I'm relatively unconcerned all but that
was bad with our existing situation
triple-a battery is so much better than
the faded Polaroid despite the fact that
it's literally useless with the razor
that I find myself not even wanting to
take the faded Polaroid just in case we
get a better spacebar item later you
know I wouldn't want to forget but this
is a very strange room to the best of my
memory I have not seen that one or at
least not seen it regularly enough to
conceptualize it what makes you small is
completely okay but it's really nice to
have the relic in case you weren't
already you know well aware that this is
one of the better defensive items in the
game it gives us the ability to have a
certain certainty when we take pills
that we are not going to die which
doesn't always are not not going to
inhibit ourselves so much the death is a
plausible outcome it's like having a
pension or something you know a pension
is all that was bad you might say I know
what a pension is I got roasted first in
a player unknown battlegrounds video I
asked an honest-to-god question to
better myself I said what is an
insurance deductible
I got roasted on Twitter people were
like what's it like living in Canada not
having her know what an insurance
deductible do we have car insurance we
have a home insurance we just you know
even we do have medical insurance you
just tend you know not to have it I
didn't know what a deductible wasn't
been lucky enough to never have to pay a
deductible in my life I asked an honest
to god quest this is why people are
afraid to ask questions you ever wonder
how you get to the point where someone
who's 28 years old doesn't know what an
insurance deductible is because they saw
somebody else to ask a stupid question
and get laughed at and then they decided
hey that's not going to be me I'd rather
save face
so we did earn a deal with the devil we
shouldn't have gotten statistically
speaking and we got a pentagram out of
it which is a great item that was pretty
bad though
it's a great item that carries a little
bit of risk just because of the HP that
we gave up to get it but the idea is
that by the relic we should be
completely absent the fear of death but
obviously that's not exactly the case
and some of the damage that I've taken
has been quite poor so far I think we
got to check the curse room though not
always will that work out but obviously
in that situation it did and we can't go
to our item rooms which is always a
bummer so when they go do the same thing
we did last time and try to eke out
every conceivable advantage that might
have a key a bomb for a secret room
exploration bonus and three pennies is
okay and then you look for honestly a
second secret room at this point you
can't even do the mob trap room to get a
key because it requires the key to do
the mob trap room so instead we throw a
bomb down here give you like 80% odds
that's the second secret room and it is
we get six red chests spirit heart two
spiders
spirit heart two spiders is it just two
red chests triple two bombs it's not too
red chests tripled so no guffy items is
a bummer and honestly two spirit hearts
out of six red chest is a low payout but
two spirit arts for one bomb is a good
payout plus we got the exploration bonus
as mentioned many many times but what's
the problem with this run say with me if
you see it we don't have any seam yet
that's gonna get the job done
excuse me now without a seam that's a
key thank you we did leave triple-a
battery behind by the way which time
will tell if that was a terrible
decision I mean it's not like faded
Polaroid is doing anything for us either
so we might have been better off just
sticking with the you know the trinket
that's strictly better despite not
having an immediate use but we have
bigger fish to fry right now and the
bigger fish to fry are obviously
related to the lack of a seam here the
ultimate like failsafe NASA style you
know avoiding a blown-out oring sort of
richard fineman failsafe that we need
here is get to the depths to with a
teleport card that allows us to do boss
rush then after we finished boss rush if
there's a self-sacrifice room on the
depths - we can still teleport out and
get both of the available advantages and
really if our damage ends up being
amazing we're going to love that boss
rush because we'll take fairly little
damage probably and gain a lot of HP
hopefully as a result of the relic I'm
completely fine with this boss rush
although our sorry with that boss fight
although would have preferred not to
take damage and the speed upgrade is
also fine I mean 1.5 is all we're ever
going to need got more exploration to do
on this floor though for once there's
like really no rush we could be as far
as three minutes ahead of schedule right
now depending on how much time we want
to spend on this floor and really that's
enough time per throw room per throw
rune I think I overthink it from time to
time I think probably the best time to
use the per throw rune is whenever it
seems like you should use the per throw
room so yes every trinket has uses
sometimes that's probably the first time
we have actually used super magnet to
accomplish anything in like 300 episodes
but hey you know an extra seven cents
we're never going to be able to spend it
apparently but maybe we should have
played the got a try if we should have
played the blood bank but whatever so
instead of the razor blade we have how
to jump it's always a tough call and you
get something like this because you have
an item that is not useful for you right
now in the form of razor blade but that
could be
pivotal Yule pivotal to your performance
overall if we manage to get a lot of HP
upgrades which is something that has you
know a history of happening and then you
got how to jump which is a good item we
at least want to pick it up if only
temporarily to work towards that
bookworm transformation but I tend not
to use it that effectively so on a daily
you know what other time do you go with
something in your wheelhouse you know
the streak runs and the random and even
runs those are auditions and the daily
is the real deal so I think we stick
with what we're most comfortable with
here for now we finally got to go to our
shop by the way that looks like my face
from that you have been tweeting and
non-stop lately we're gonna take fanny
pack I think that's good we're going to
take this we are not going to take we
don't need the we don't need the spirit
heart I think as well but we're not
going to take momma mega and it's
because we don't need it if we miss boss
fresh we deserve what we get at this
point basically none of these look like
secret rooms which is a little confusing
for me so we might but a second secret
room is so valuable I mean to say viable
but that's fine so valuable because of
the possibility that it contains five
runes one of which could be a was all
that that bums me out dude I guess we're
just out of here
and again basically like right on
schedule so I'm okay with it but
wouldn't mind
improving on the loose they'll get a
couple of floors or we can get seams we
could blow up skulls the wafer is a
lovely item at the worst of times or the
best of times when you will run pretty
much single-handedly so I got a little
rattled on that last floor but I'm
looking at it now and I'm like for what
for what purpose there's no reason we
got the relic we got the mitre we got
the jazz we got the Jazz I don't want to
go through the whole ramp but you know
competition for fifo comes sideways I
think the competition it must come
straightaway been a while
either way plus we have succubus and
succubus is like the ultimate set it and
forget it item it just kills at least of
your damages above a certain point it
basically kills every enemy to begin
with it's a magic bullet for us here and
I'm not talking about the infomercial
blender that actually works surprisingly
what happened there so weird rooms dude
okay I don't know what to say about that
one so this is actually important we
need okay we if we have 24 cents don't
buy that then use a bomb here don't
accidentally blow up the rear old
machine this is a big moment for us you
grab ventricle razor I do also want
mom's key and then we grab this it's a
joker card that's good so what's the
game plan here dude it's actually so
simple we can use ventricle razor as a
teleport on demand so we want to use
this by the way stepping on both of
those spikes will go down as my greatest
regret however now we can at least get
out of the boss trap room which is
extremely important getting out of the
boss trap room guarantees me the ability
to go to a self-sacrifice room if there
is a self-sacrifice room on the womb so
our sorry on the deaths
this guy's going too fast I'm going to
need you to stop okay still on time we
do want the luck upgrade and the HP but
then we can trade away the HP and you
got to go shovel and you got to you got
to go both really and they're going to
cost us the same so ventricle raiser
turns out it wasn't really useful for us
at all however the shovel is extremely
useful for us it's a reusable ventricle
raiser let's go I think we're doing
things right here I know that we could
explore more of this floor I want to
make sure we make it to the we make it
to the boss rush here so I'm going to do
things this way we probably will not
need a self-sacrifice room on this floor
we could wait until later I have to say
as well we might be pretty lucky to have
gotten this scene if you didn't buy the
Joker card you probably would not have
gotten the shovel is the shovel the only
way that you can move forward on this
run at this point past a past boss rush
maybe not you could have just gotten
ventricle raiser that's a speed
downgrade by the way but I accepted for
the damage upgrade that it contains as
well we should do these rooms like what
are you waiting on here we got plenty of
time now yes it might be the only way
through it might not be the only way
through I don't know it doesn't matter
really I'm saving my charge by the way
because the only thing that matters it
doesn't matter if we get a charge
outside right now unless we get a
teleport card the most important thing
is that we nicely done the most
important thing is that we have as many
charges as possible in boss rush just a
for boss rush I should say just in case
the first one ends up being a crawl
space or something like that black
markets if we see that the first one
gives us
ladder instead of like a stoma then
we're going to go we're going to pop it
as many times as necessary and
considering we should get like eight
shovel charges the odds of us getting
eight nan portals to the next floor are
effectively less than nil now I'd like
to communicate unambiguously would which
is why I said the word stoma instead of
blood hole so to say lower than nil did
kill me a little bit on the inside but I
hope you understand where I'm coming
from it had to be done so we are going
to have no problems getting a to boss
rush are we should be pretty good on
boss rush as well we have full HP and we
stand to gain more we're just going back
because you never know at half-price
item on the shop or something get them
please hammer do hurt him okay I mean I
am an idiot but we effectively have no
concerns about killing mom in time as
long as we you know don't take 20
minutes to get there I mean obviously
that's an exaggeration but as long as
you don't think super long to get there
we do have ball advantages and that
allows us to pretty much crush the enemy
at will to put it in the most alarming
way possible so I feel like we got every
ability to survive and do pretty well on
today's daily might have taken a little
bit more damage than I'm proud of and I
might have I mean like super definitely
have but life does go on just money
please we don't want a Steam sale at
this point lockups
the money's worth it now I mean SATA
Polaroid doesn't do anything for us but
neither really does blue baby's soul so
it's not even worth in my opinion the
mental energy to process it now we are
going to be a little bit tight for time
and I know two seconds ago I said
there's no way we're tight for time it's
just because now I look at this floor
and I'm like this is a long floor if it
takes us 10 seconds to get back to the
boss fight that's longer than I expected
it would take to get back to the boss
fight and we might have a Krampus fight
and if we have a Krampus fight that
means we are not going to be able to go
into the deal with the devil so we're
not going to go to the deal with the
devil unless you've got like at least 20
seconds which means we'd have to beat
mom in like a second and a half so if we
get a deal with the devil we're not
going to take it we haven't had Krampus
show up already right okay we need to go
a little bit faster please that's fine
no deal with the devil take the Polaroid
definitely could not afford to wait um
jeez I mean out of all these it's a
little tough I mean obviously you love
fire mind when it doesn't blow you up
okay I don't think we can rely on that
so now pop this down up here for so
there's a four other items so I mean
would you rather have a tack fly or halo
of flies I'd rather have a tack fly
honestly but that's kind of you know
it's a personal question we could also
take the d8 and roll stats once but so
the strength card
I don't believe ruins are horrible on on
this boss rush no in fact it raised it a
great deal I sorry yeah I was worried
that it would ruin Whore of Babylon so
it raised our damage a great deal so I
popped the strength card knowing that
effectively this causes us to lose one
spirit art but we should have no problem
gaining it back the thing is we can't
get it back on boss rush we have to gain
it back on the on the womb and that's
fine remember we also have the wafers so
I would say 20,000 is obvious at this
point
if you want to add that top 30 the front
page of the greed but right now we need
37,000 points that is I mean the game
plan for us is so simple right now that
it's almost not even worth bringing up
we want to get to the lowest possible
floor that we can and then use a boss
rush or sorry a self-sacrifice room I'm
on boss rush right now so I'm even not
using the shovel right now because I
find it kind of distracting from what
we're actually desiring to accomplish
right here that was lucky that we didn't
get hit there what do I want to see
after boss rush it's very simple the
item we get after boss rush if it's a
tears upgrade I'm loving life tears are
great right now we're getting a lot of
efficiency out of them thanks to the
piercing shots but could stand to have a
little more frequency I made a gamble
and loss that he wouldn't be in that
direction right there I can't believe
like the stain took a shot right to the
face and lived speaking of which my face
is crazy eg right now just die and then
take forever for your animation to
finish please oh it's so itchy
oh that's the good stuff thank you
oh there's nothing better than
scratching an itch man now I got it
like my body's like hey you like
scratching that itch what if I put an
itch like on your nose right now I'm
like no please after the Isaac episode
I'm begging you because I shaved the
other day you know there's great things
about being a dude there's no question
about it
shaving is like mildly annoying but like
you don't shave face gets itchy you
shave your face gets into you it's like
the though you're gonna be like little
in a ellipse when you shower
look I shower daily all right I'm a
clean person believe it or not I don't
want my industry to you know betray my
cleanliness I believe in the phrase
cleanliness is next to godliness weight
gotten godliness that's the one never
feel better than when you just get out
of the shower you never feel better than
when you've recently been wet third
phrasing things uh you know just kid
think I grow with hair at an alarming
rate I think it's the thing I started
shaving when I was in ninth grade which
is probably not that abnormal but I also
I don't want to grow a beard I could in
fact sometimes I just accidentally do my
med Flanders they accidentally do all
that freaking creep that blends in with
the ground man sometimes I just go like
six days without shaving and people go
hey I didn't know you were growing a
beard and you know me neither I just got
busy but I think a beer does anything to
brag about it's just a you know it's a
hormonal thing if I could make it so
that my face was permanently at like one
day of stubble and my head was
permanently at one day of stubble I
would do it in a heartbeat I don't want
to be perfectly hairless like a baby but
I also don't want to you know look like
the Epic Meal Time
despite the fact these from my home
country has made a great success for
himself you know it's just not what I
want to see in myself although I wish
him the best of luck I don't want to
look like the white Kimbo Slice is like
you know maybe if I could back it up in
a bar fight situation but I got you know
mild tendinitis in my wrist it's like I
don't want to invite that guy I want to
look harmless as the thing and then when
they go oh don't even mess with this guy
he's a little baby that's when you get
behind him like a spider monkey and you
choke them out the Michael al Fox
strategy so boss thrush is fine like I
don't even know where we got off on that
tangent all about faith bitchiness
we got another Beelzebub enabler at
least but not that I almost just left
which would have been a horrible
decision probably would not have killed
us but would have just been like super
the wrong decision because the boss
fresh would have been closed sure maybe
we would have had access to our deal
with the devil
that's like unbelievably secondary for
our overall situation right now so I
mean I think we should use the shovel as
much as possible we could we could
afford like one black market right now
you never know what a crawl space is
going to entail just make sure you don't
fall into it accidentally unsub's that's
devilled we got the world you take the
world card of the Moon card take the
world card now we do have a
self-sacrifice room on this floor
it's tempting and again at some point
you just got to say you know let the
chips fall where they may
it's tempting to play the self sacrifice
room on this floor because it's a
guaranteed access to the lamp fight I'm
not going to do it and the reason I'm
not going to do it is because I think we
stand the chance to get more points by
just going to show even if there ends up
being
self-sacrifice three months old however
if there is a self-sacrifice room on the
womb - I'll think more closely about it
but if there's a self-sacrifice room on
the womb - and you're willing to
compromise for that one you got to say
to yourself what it's like what's the
big difference in one floor between the
womb one and the womb - well you've got
a point you know and that's where we
come to this kind of like variance
element on Daly's that basically there's
no way for us in advance to know what
the right answer is the right answer
depends completely on what kind of daily
role we got today and to some extent
that can be frustrating but at least
it's not a daily with with no damage
that's I mean I'm in jovial spirits even
though I took two damage two full hearts
of damage from walking on spikes I had
no business walking on I'm like love in
life right now because we have a daily
that actually has like a semi
significant amount of damage now even
though Kay that's just embarrassing but
Bob's rush was even slow like thoughts
arrive like butterflies but it was not a
fast boss rush but we're still in like a
pretty good situation
it's not a 10 out of 10 run but it's at
least like an eight and a half even slow
but at least it's not no damage going
for went went go in for one out mean
might not be able to emulate Eddie
better but at least I can emulate the
guitar sound from that song even flow is
great song first but you know here on
Pearl Jam alley we can talk honestly
about this it's a little overrated
as far as Pearl Jam songs go right
especially from 10 like I'll take an
even flow on the radio don't get me
wrong but you know give me a live over
even flow give me Jeremy give me once
something like that you know it's not
that it's a radio friendly single is
just like you're going to tell me you're
going to pass up alive for evenflo I
don't think so
anyway I don't know I'm even talking
about anymore but the range upgrade is a
tears upgrade is a nice touch I'm hoping
that against our better judgment here
against our better odds at least we have
a chance to get our deal with the devil
I don't know what I'd be looking for
right now except I mean I would take
more damage as an opportunity to take
less damage against enemies so give me
the higher DPS so I can get lower DPS on
my own personal level so yeah don't pick
that up accidentally we do want latchkey
luck stat is getting pretty great and I
mean you got to go gimpy in this
situation our odds of becoming guppy and
should be told the effectiveness of
becoming guppy is pretty suspect right
now so I think and this is where we
really put our money where our mouth is
but you got to look in this room give
yourself 10 points and just head down to
the next floor
goodbye self-sacrifice room I hope that
you're not the last one I'm ever going
to see so there is not one on this floor
and in a way that's reassuring that mean
we cannot make a mistake on this floor
if we make a mistake it's already
happened we should have done it on the
last floor or we've already made the
optimal position so this floor is just
free points which is nice there's no
agency now we've made our bed and now
it's time to lie in it so to speak but
you'll notice you know I'm starting to
get more confident because I'm inching
closer to that thirty seven thousand
score that I know is going to rank us at
least temporarily on the front page and
it's not really like I want the glory
glory is a notoriety is a double-edged
sword man you know it means that when I
get when I have a great daily I get
people tweeting me even before the video
goes up they go nice score on today's
daily it's very flattering you know that
you know people are interested in your
performances and they are you know to
the point where even absent any kind of
motivation for it so that's our sole
entrance point they're looking up your
scores that's that's again flattering
the people are interested but it also
means when you have a bad daily people
tweet you and they go what happened even
before the video goes up they're like
what went wrong are you okay you're
showing the symptoms my uncle shows
right before you had a stroke so and you
know you take the good with the bad I
guess is what I'm trying to say I mean
we're going to get enough spirit hearts
we should check this because if I didn't
I wouldn't feel good about myself and
you know we got our HP back regardless
we probably got enough consumables to
offset it why did we have a 38% deal
with the devil chance last time didn't
we
how do you get a twofer ahlian wait I
can see it blow up like a judgment or a
greed statue and then factor in the fact
that you have a 75% penalty
maybe you get a two point something
percent increase I get theoretically oh
yes you're just very tiny I'm not going
to open that of our own volition at
least hardened for
shut the kitchen at least to mama role
in that body at least I think you blow
them up because your pit kills them
oh that was so bad but the reason you
blow them up is well first off sweet
trinket but secondly unlimited bombs and
we do not care in the least about what
we're going to get from a judgement on a
normal run we play it because you know
items are king you know we want as many
synergies as possible on this run we
only stand to lose points from our
existing consumables so as much as a
sort of a lame way to play it is also
the incentivized way to play on dailies
and it's also the reason I used zero
bombs to pick up 12 cents here despite
the fact that functionally idiotic
because we will never have another
chance to spend money because as you
know recently elucidated if we ever come
across something that we can spend money
on we're going to blow it up with one of
our unlimited bombs to get more
consumables than we would spend because
that's the most efficient in my opinion
at least on average the most efficient
transaction you can take on that room oh
please NL talk more about the most
efficient transaction I'm almost done
ladies love when you min max the economy
of a video game yo but stop structure in
your life just around what the ladies
like you structure your life around what
you like within reason and then you know
the rest will snap into place maybe or
not but you know I talked about it
probably like a month ago in an episode
you're going to you don't like
motorcycles you're going to drive a
motorcycle just because you think that's
what girls like it's like the lamest
thing of all time you know what the
curse there you start driving a
motorcycle because you know you don't
like it because you think that's what
girls like might get yourself a girl who
likes motorcycles then you're with this
lady who doesn't even like a thing that
you like because you put on a charade
you're going to end up subscribing to
motorcycle weekly and she
honey you want to go to the motorcycle
party this weekend you're going to be
like no but yes because now it's part of
my identity you should be like no I want
to go to the workshop where I learn the
basic syntax of the brainfuck
programming language is a joke man
well I mean sadly again we really really
really want to play a self-sacrifice
room on the next floor so what's the
damage upgrade here zero so we I don't
think we want any of that most of the
time oh I hate you most of the time we
would want to take bobbling bundle
because double the consumables drops
will be important but we're getting
pretty close to the top of those
regardless like the maximum what we need
to do is find a self sacrificing room on
this floor and you know I think there's
a chance we can get a crawl space or a
black market out of the shovel but this
is where the shovel loses its usefulness
so there is a chance in theory that we
could get like a narrow room and a
narrow room would be access to the lam
floor I think so of course probably goes
without saying I would be interested in
that but the odds of it happening are
extremely low we need to get the you
know the right space bar item I don't
even know if it can show up unless we
have chaos or something like that so
really this floor does largely come down
to the self sacrifice room and
considering we're going to spend
basically all of our existing HP going
to a self sacrifice room if it exists
which is the best-case scenario we
really want to avoid taking damage
because all this damage on the ground is
actually our HP for future floors so
this floor is where we discover if we
made the right decision or what is
something I wouldn't describe as a
terrible mistake but admittedly a
mistake nonetheless this is going to
hurt holy crap it did not hurt
and what I mean by that is simply you
know remember two floors ago on the womb
one where I said I don't think we should
do the self-sacrifice room here because
we could stand to get one later that
would you know have less of an
opportunity cost associated with it
that's where we're at right now we're
finding out if our opportunity cost for
skipping it was actually enormous kind
of surprised how long it's taken us to
kill the Fallen is not the tanky ascent
of me in the Isaac Cinematic Universe
it's quite a long Daly by the way for a
Daly that only is going to mom's foot
I'm appreciative of that because we
found the scene one of the many scenes
I'll come on we had them and we are
unkillable if no self-sacrifice room
shows up we're not going to die
there's there's actually effectively
zero chance of that but we also will not
hit 37,000 I can't believe that works
well we probably won't hit 37,000 not a
secret I should have looked that's
obviously not a secret room um wait it
out there you're gone 37,000 though I
mean that's that's just to get in the
top 30 that's just to get on the front
page that's never been my goal in in
these Isaac Daly's is to ensure that we
end up on the front page you know to aim
for the top 30 is very brazen I think if
we're in the mid 30s I'll at least feel
like you know we put up a good try today
but we really are kind of at the the
whim of the game at this point if there
is a self-sacrifice room I think we
could be in the mid-40s now there's not
very many scores in the mid 40s so I'm
going to guess that there's probably not
a self-sacrifice room on this floor but
if there is my god we're going to be you
know maybe potentially top 10 I don't
see it happening but and even then we
probably shouldn't have even picked that
up you think about a hermit card there's
a self-sacrifice room okay so there is a
god which is pretty sweet we just learn
that right now we're going to lose a lot
of points playing the self sacrifice
room but and I know you got to put your
money where your mouth is now because I
said we might finish top ten that might
have been a little surprising or a
little incorrect maybe is the word that
I would use because we're going to take
a pretty massive
penalty from playing the self-sacrifice
room but it should be compensated for by
the extra bonus that we can get for
going down to the lam site so but at the
same time I would be pretty surprised if
we were able to get into the 40s just by
ranking or just just by doing what we've
done on today's daily because I don't
think we've done anything particularly
special especially with all the bad
damage I've taken I would think that
anybody who managed to pick up the
shovel could be in the running with me
here if that's not the case then you
know great for me but I'm a little I
don't want to get too up to mystic I
guess is what I'm trying to say you know
it's like the Radiohead song wait again
returning this you can try the best you
can the best you can is exactly good
enough that's amazing to say it but the
sentiment remains you know we don't have
the cancer trinket so we can afford to
do like in and out here just to save
ourselves some time gimpy is doing great
work for us which I really appreciate
we also have not lost that many points
for doing this which I've been surprised
by I really thought we'd kind of be left
out in the lurch here and I was that it
was that a kid a cut yeah the kid a cut
you know I'm part of the pitchfork media
generations don't forget it
we don't want to pick a soul minor but
we don't want to pick up the key pieces
right because picking up the key pieces
is going to give us nothing except
negative points so yeah I don't think we
care now we could look for a second
secret room speaking of not caring just
doesn't matter that much so I think
we're about to teleport and honestly for
all the consumables we gained we really
offset our damage penalty we might only
lose in total like a thousand points
we're going to get all of that back
basically as soon as we tell it for it
it really lose slightly more than a
thousand points I'm losing my mind
wait a minute do I actually have to give
you twelve hearts I don't just step on
the spikes twelve times because like if
that's better the wafers not as good as
I thought but no I think I'm just
confused so we're in the thirty-three
thousands now it's a chance to make me
regret not taking those guppy deals of
the devil speed down full health both
irrelevant um now though we have a great
chance of hitting 37,000 I kind of
overestimate how many points you get for
coming down here now you know now that
I'm looking at it the 40 mid-40s is not
plausible for us but certainly
thirty-seven thousand is plausible what
it will require I can't believe I killed
them like the same time what it will
require is well not taking bump friend
probably although perhaps he could take
the money that we'd get and do something
more productive with it what it requires
is taking as little damage as possible
basically
should get a few thousand points just
for coming down here
we should expel the honestly at this
point we might not want to explore
everything just because the penalty for
taking damage is high so it might be a
situation where our best-case scenario
is getting out of here as soon as we
kill the lamb not doing any rooms that
are unnecessary especially because we're
not looking for items or anything like
that to begin with so I'm going to try
with that strategy not just because it's
been a 45 minute long daily which is a
little on the long side but I'm actually
I'm still feeling pretty energized here
mostly because I know that we've got a
we've got a guaranteed good rank today
I'm set it up conversationally as if it
actually matters whether or not we hit
the top 30 which it doesn't at all being
in the top 30 would be like one of the
best probably 25 daily scores I've ever
had so not an afterbirth plus like top
25 daily scores I've ever had in after
birth or after birth plus so I will take
sad onion thing as well worth it so it's
not like if I get 30 second I'm not
going to be like we failed you know I'm
not I'm not daddy eSports as I'm sure
you're aware so so I mean I will take it
the thing is it's like 30 points down
but first off secret room access so
thank you for that I might not have
found it without it probably would not
have looked to be honest with you and
secondly we get a mild damage increase
we also should get second secret room
access thanks to the dog tooth so I
think it's it'll probably pay for itself
and also it's pretty good
I just I'm sticking with the principle
of damage upgrades are nice so let's
take them even if it costs us some
points I don't think we need to grind
that hard
I am looking at like you know in my
mind's eye I'm looking at all the damage
I took on today's daily that was so
unnecessary and I'm thinking you know
what might have been what might have
been I'm also looking at what happened
on today's daily and I'm like I can see
how you can get 37,000 easy I can see
you can get 40,000 if you play the same
way that I did except you were better
and took a lot less damage there's you
know you're in your mid to high 30s
right now at the very least but 50,000
is otherworldly that is again whenever I
say like I never accuse people of
hacking and video games like accusations
they've just never been part of my
wheelhouse
because I know my own limitations so
whenever someone goes all out he'd see
me there he must be wall hacking I'm
like I don't know when I see people
flying around in a jet ski in like you
know halo I'm like okay that guy is
probably hacking I don't think halo has
jet skis
well actually the race can go on water
if you will the couple it's so velocity
from the physical plane okay sure all
right you got me but still I think it's
just you know you've got you've got some
preternatural technique I am unaware of
I don't know what it involved on today's
round I'm trying to think of where that
maybe maybe one of the arc caves somehow
contain the key I'm trying to think of
like plausible areas where seams might
exist the arcade seems like one of them
mostly it's a fast shot speed dude
mostly because I very very rarely take
full advantage of the arcade so I
default to them as an opportunity uh not
taking 200 years on boss rush might have
helped you out as well but usually when
I see points that are like ten thousand
higher than what I'm getting it's a
combination of not all that was bad
combination of not taking nearly as much
damage combined with some kind of like
consumable strat that I am largely
unaware of I think so
wow that did not hit me somehow
ah variable rolls new okay we've done it
I think we grabbed this get the heck out
of this run we're ready to go
we got 37,000 were 49th right now that's
actually excellent for now thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed the episode
of you did click the like button helps
out a great deal and of course subscribe
if you wanna see more in the future for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time